docs: add docs about API, create new pages (#56)
microsoft/griffel: apps/website/docs/react/api/create-dom-renderer.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# createDOMRenderer

> `createDOMRenderer` is paired with `RendererProvider` component and is useful for [child window rendering](/react/guides/child-window-rendering) and [SSR](/react/guides/ssr-usage) scenarios. It helps to ensure that styles will be inserted to a proper document.

Reviewer: should we mention that it' s possible to create custom renderers ? you can use the one in the playground as reference

Author: Not now probably as I am not entirely sure about the API. For example, what happens when we will have CSS extraction?

> `createDOMRenderer` is paired with `RendererProvider` component and is useful for [child window rendering](/react/guides/child-window-rendering) and [SSR](/react/guides/ssr-usage) scenarios. It helps to ensure that styles will be inserted to a proper document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`createDOMRenderer` is paired with `RendererProvider` component and is useful for [child window rendering](/react/guides/child-window-rendering) and [SSR](/react/guides/ssr-usage) scenarios. This is the default renderer for web, and will make sure that styles are injected to a document.
```
